Location/WindowClient ancestorOrigins: note iframe referrerpolicy effect (#44291)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/location/ancestororigins/index.md

expect it to be framed by. You can also use it to vary the behavior of the document
based on what site or list of sites is framing it.

> [!NOTE]

> > The [`referrerpolicy`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/iframe#referrerpolicy) attribute of an embedding `<iframe>` affects this list. Setting it to `no-referrer`, or to `same-origin` when the framed document is cross-origin, redacts the origin of the document that contains the `<iframe>` from the `ancestorOrigins` list of the framed document: the origin is replaced with an opaque origin, which serializes as `"null"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The [`referrerpolicy`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/iframe#referrerpolicy) attribute of an embedding `<iframe>` affects this list. Setting `referrerpolicy` to `no-referrer`, or to `same-origin` when the framed document is cross-origin, redacts the origin of the document containing the `<iframe>` from the `ancestorOrigins` list of the framed document. The origin is replaced with an opaque origin, which serializes as `"null"`.
```
